NODE-827: Update documentation for direct contract calls (#1068)
CasperLabs/CasperLabs: docs/CONTRACTS.md

See the instructions [here](QUERYING.md).

###### Advanced deploy options

A function that is part of the deployed contract's module
can be saved on the blockchain 
with Contract API function `store_function`.
Such function becomes a stored contract that
can be later called from another contract with `call_contract`

> or used instead of a WASM file when creating a new deploy on command line.

Reviewer: I think we need more discussion here about the context in which a contract is executed when it is called by `call_contract` vs directly in a deploy. This is something Akosh pointed out is unintuitive, so we need to document it carefully.

Author: Looking forward to understand those differences, please let me know when you would like to discuss them.

Author: As mentioned above, I have added a section describing the difference.

which is a 32 bits long Blake2b hash of the deploy hash
and a 32 bits integer function counter.
The function counter is equal `0` for the first function saved
with `store_function` during execution of a deploy,
`1` for the second stored function, and so on.

`casperlabs-client` `deploy` command accepts argument `--session-hash`
which can be used to create a deploy using a stored contract
instead of a file with a compiled WASM module.
Its value should be base16 representation of the contract address,
for example: `--session-hash 2358448f76c8b3a9e263571007998791a815e954c3c3db2da830a294ea7cba65`.

`payment-hash` is an option equivalent to `--session-hash`
but for specifying address of payment contract.

**Calling a stored contract by name**

An address of a stored contract can be saved as a UREF 
in context of the user's account
and associated with a convenient, human readable, string key.

Typically this is done in the same contract that calls `store_function`.
In the example below `counter_ext` is a function
in the same module as the contract being executed.
The function will bo stored on blockchain with `store_function`
and 

> its address saved into a UREF that can be referred 

Reviewer: `store_function` always creates a `Hash`. Here that `Hash` is just being stored under a human-readable name by the account to make it easier to discover what the hash is in the future (indeed this account does not even need to discover the hash to call the contract because of this call-by-name feature).

Author: I let myself try and propose here `contract address` as a replacement of `contract hash`, because I think it is more meaningful and useful, simply because of its obvious (to me) analogy to the similar concept in languages like `C`. However, I understand my feelings about it can be subjective and wrong. I will be happy to revert and use `contract hash` instead. Perhaps I could then explain that a `contract hash` serves a role similar to a `function address` in languages like `C`, what do you think?

Reviewer: The main thrust of this comment was actually that it is not stored under a `URef`. If you prefer to `contract address` as a phrase to represent `Key::Hash`, I think that is ok, though it should be clearly defined. There is also a subtly here as to whether `contract address` should apply to `UPointer<Contract>`.

Author: @birchmd Thanks for all the info here and on slack. I have reworked the text, but still haven't mentioned `UPointer<Contract>` because I lack the knowledge needed to decide whether the contract hash should be conflated with it and called "contract address" in the manual. Should we describe `UPointer<Contract>` in the documentation now at all, is it sufficiently important for the users at this point?

I also added a section on understanding the difference between calling contracts directly and with `call_contract`. Please, let me know if it is satisfactory.

**Contract address**

A contract stored on blockchain with `store_function` has an address,
which is a 32 bits long Blake2b hash of the deploy hash
and a 32 bits integer function counter.
The function counter is equal `0` for the first function saved
with `store_function` during execution of a deploy,
`1` for the second stored function, and so on.

**Calling a stored contract using its address**

Contract address is a cryptographic hash
uniquely identifyiyng a stored contract in the system.
Thus, it can be used to call the stored contract,
both directly when creating a deploy, e.g. on command line
or from another contract.

`casperlabs-client` `deploy` command accepts argument `--session-hash`
which can be used to create a deploy using a stored contract
instead of a file with a compiled WASM module.
Its value should be a base16 representation of the contract address,
for example: `--session-hash 2358448f76c8b3a9e263571007998791a815e954c3c3db2da830a294ea7cba65`.

`payment-hash` is an option equivalent to `--session-hash`
but for specifying address of payment contract.

**Calling a stored contract by name**

For convenience, a contract address can be 

> associated with a name in the context of user's account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
associated with a name in the context of a user's account.
```

Typically this is done in the same contract that calls `store_function`.
In the example below 
`counter_ext` is a function in the same module as the executing contract.
The function is stored on blockchain with `store_function`.
Next, a call to `add_uref` associates the stored contract's address with a name `"counter"`.

```
    //create map of references for stored contract
    let mut counter_urefs: BTreeMap<String, Key> = BTreeMap::new();
    let pointer = store_function("counter_ext", counter_urefs);
    add_uref("counter", &pointer.into());

```

`casperlabs-client` `deploy` command accepts argument `--session-name`
which can be used to refer to a stored contract by its name,
for example `--session-name counter`.
This option can be used
to create a deploy with a stored contract
acting as the deploy's session contract.

Equivalent argument for payment contract is `--payment-name`.

> Note, UREFs are valid only in the context of a specific account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: names are valid only in the context of the account which called `add_uref`.
```

See the instructions [here](QUERYING.md).

###### Advanced deploy options

**Stored contracts**

A function that is part of the deployed contract's module
can be saved on the blockchain 
with Contract API function `store_function`.
Such function becomes a stored contract that
can be later called from another contract with `call_contract`
or used instead of a WASM file when creating a new deploy on command line.

**Contract address**

A contract stored on blockchain with `store_function` has an address,

> which is a 32 bits long Blake2b hash of the deploy hash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is a 256 bits long Blake2b hash of the deploy hash
```

Author: thanks for spotting this :blush:

```

`casperlabs-client` `deploy` command accepts argument `--session-name`
which can be used to refer to a stored contract by its name,
for example `--session-name counter`.
This option can be used
to create a deploy with a stored contract
acting as the deploy's session contract.

Equivalent argument for payment contract is `--payment-name`.

Note: names are valid only in the context of the account which called `add_uref`.

**Understanding difference between calling a contract directly and with `call_contract`**

When a contract is stored with `store_function` 
there is a new context created for it,
with initial content defined by the map passed to `store_function` as its second argument.
Later, when the stored contract is called with `call_contract` it is executed in this context.

In contrast, when the same stored contract is called directly,
for example, its address is passed to `--session-hash` argument of the `deploy` command,
the contract will be executed in the context of the account that creates the deploy.
The consequence of this is that stateful contracts designed to operate in a specific context
may not work as expected when called directly. 

> They may, for instance, attempt to read or modify a UREF that they expect to exist in their context,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They may, for instance, attempt to read or modify a `URef` that they expect to exist in their context,
```
